Zhou Tianyu, you are so shameless
Do you really think I dare not kill you?
Come on, kill me!
He will never see the goddess
It will never be completed.
If only to make you kneel
I haven't let you cultivate at your own expense yet
You should thank the Son of Heaven for his generosity
Do you hear me?
Hurry up and kneel down to the emperor
I kneel for him
And me
And me.
My ancestors are ashamed of my royal family
Provoked by two families in this city
Save the old man and kneel down for the ancestor
Son of Heaven, please let my daughter go
Are you a match?
I want him to kneel for me
Do you really want me to kneel?
That's right, I'm afraid you can't afford it.
I am the Son of Heaven
Monarch Beast
Can stand it
bearable
Can stand the people
I can stand you too
Yes, the emperor is right
He endures everything
Unless you are a god
Exactly.
I Am God
hum
Yang Fan, I think you are daydreaming
If you are a god, then I am still a fairy
How dare you unload the poison god
You're at a loss.
Yang Fan, I will give you another chance.
If not expensive
I will kill Tianyun
This is what you said, I kneel